alarm query	what times do my alarms go off
alarm remove	cancel all alarms
alarm set	set an alarm for me at eight am
audio volume down	Turn down volume
audio volume mute	stop playing
audio volume up	increase the volume please
calendar query	what events are scheduled this week
calendar remove	delete from the calendar the next event
calendar set	invite people to the calendar event
cooking recipe	what is recipe
datetime convert	how many hours difference is hong kong from new york city
datetime query	please tell me the date
email addcontact	add the new email to my contacts
email querycontact	what is mary s.'s birthday
email query	hey check emails
email sendemail	can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
general affirm	strongly agreed.
general commandstop	please could you shut off.
general confirm	check last thing said please.
general dontcare	i don't really mind for anything.
general explain	i could not understand this.
general joke	what's the famous monty python joke about the bird
general negate	thanks but i think you do not get me.
general praise	it was nice job, thank you so much.
general quirky	i hate how long the traffic jams get
general repeat	i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
iot cleaning	vacuum the mud room
iot coffee	i need coffee please preferably hot
iot hue lightchange	can you do me a favor my eyes are feeling strained on these lights can you please change it to a cooler tone
iot hue lightdim	lower the light to forty percent
iot hue lightoff	please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom
iot hue lighton	i want to turn on the blue lights
iot hue lightup	raise the lights
iot wemo off	please turn off the smart socket
iot wemo on	please turn on my wemo plug socket
lists createoradd	create a new list of my due bills
lists query	what are the items on my list
lists remove	remove my shopping list
music likeness	the song makes me remember certain memories
music query	who's playing the oboe on this piece
music settings	shuffle music
news query	breaking news fox news
play audiobook	play the jungle book
play game	lets go nazi hunting
play music	play the song for me
play podcasts	rewind to four twelve
play radio	please play program on xmtune
qa currency	forex rate of euro to u. s. d.
qa definition	describe the computer to me
qa factoid	what is the temperature in indianapolis indiana
qa maths	is the answer of five plus two seven
qa stock	google i. b. m. stock prices
recommendation events	what is there to do in new york city
recommendation locations	find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
recommendation movies	what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck
social post	complaint on service provider on my twitter
social query	what is trending on twitter
takeaway order	i want to order some food
takeaway query	does restaurant royale deliver takeaway
transport query	give the shortest route to the airport
transport taxi	please book a taxi in uber for me to go to the airport today
transport ticket	repurchase last train ticket to phillyx
transport traffic	show traffic in ohio
weather query	what is the climate here today
