alarm query	what times do my alarms go off
alarm query	is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
alarm query	do i have any alarms
alarm query	what alarms do i have
alarm query	do i have any alarms set for tomorrow
alarm remove	cancel all alarms
alarm remove	remove alarm
alarm remove	snooze all today's alarms permanently
alarm remove	please remove the alarm which i set for today morning
alarm remove	remove number three alarm of list
audio volume mute	stop playing
audio volume mute	Silence speakers
audio volume mute	do not speak today
audio volume mute	turn off the sounds
audio volume mute	turn off audio
datetime query	please tell me the date
datetime query	date today
datetime query	can you tell me the date today
datetime query	let me know the time
datetime query	what day of the week is first april
general explain	i could not understand this.
general explain	i don't understand what you have said.
general explain	i can't get that.
general explain	i am unclear about your response.
general explain	what did you mean by saying it.
general joke	what's the famous monty python joke about the bird
general joke	tell me a joke about dogs
general joke	humor me
general joke	i need a good joke
general joke	the joke of the day
general negate	thanks but i think you do not get me.
general negate	oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
general negate	you have done the task wrong.
general negate	please check the command.
general negate	olly's command is incorrect.
general quirky	i hate how long the traffic jams get
general quirky	good restaurants
general quirky	i saw a bulldog today
general quirky	hey i met one of my old classmates today
general quirky	how did your day go
general repeat	i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
general repeat	let's try what you said one more time again please.
general repeat	would you tell me that once again.
general repeat	can you try what i just said again.
general repeat	please replay your last statement.
music likeness	the song makes me remember certain memories
music likeness	send this song to my favorites
music likeness	store opinion on song
music likeness	current song rating three stars
music likeness	please rate current song as five stars
play audiobook	play the jungle book
play audiobook	resume war and peace
play audiobook	resume pride and prejudice
play audiobook	resume my audiobook where we paused last
play audiobook	continue pride and prejudice
recommendation events	what is there to do in new york city
recommendation events	what's happening at the library this month
recommendation events	tell me all local events
recommendation events	could you suggest some fun in new york
recommendation events	is there any carnival taking place in our area
recommendation movies	what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck
recommendation movies	what highly rated movies are playing this weekend
recommendation movies	movies with good rotten tomato ratings
recommendation movies	which rom com movie can i watch in theatres around new york
recommendation movies	training day
takeaway order	i want to order some food
takeaway order	i'm in the mood to order takeaway
takeaway order	order spaghetti from spaghetti warehouse to bring home
takeaway order	please order some sushi for dinner
takeaway order	order food from applebees
takeaway query	does restaurant royale deliver takeaway
takeaway query	how much longer until my pizza will be here
takeaway query	will the restaurant deliver the order
takeaway query	tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
takeaway query	tell me all the takeaways nearby and i want to order food
transport taxi	please book a taxi in uber for me to go to the airport today
transport taxi	book me a taxi for one pm
transport taxi	book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
transport taxi	book a taxi at my home address for right now
transport taxi	find the nearest uber
