alarm query	please read me my alarms
alarm query	checkout today set alarm of ten am
alarm query	show me the alarms i've set
alarm query	what alarms will wake me up tomorrow
alarm query	how many alarms have i set
alarm remove	cancel all alarms
alarm remove	can you please remove the alarm
alarm remove	twelve am removed
alarm remove	please cancel all alarms for tomorrow
alarm remove	disable the alarm at ten am
audio volume mute	set the settings to mute
audio volume mute	mute yourself until five pm
audio volume mute	please unmute yourself
audio volume mute	can you set radio to mute
audio volume mute	be mute
datetime query	please show me today's date
datetime query	what is the date easter falls on
datetime query	what day of the week is first april
datetime query	what is tomorrows date
datetime query	what is mondays actual date
general explain	s2, do not get the last sentence.
general explain	s1, further rephrase me about what you just said now please.
general explain	s1, rephrase me more on it.
general explain	will you further elaborate me on it please.
general explain	s2, i could not get that.
general joke	make me laugh i want to hear a joke
general joke	have any jokes
general joke	i need a good joke
general joke	i would like a joke
general joke	the joke of the day
general negate	thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
general negate	it seems like the answer was not correct.
general negate	that's wrong.
general negate	i think you did a task all wrong.
general negate	uhh no, that isn't what i was looking for.
general quirky	can you watch a movie on netflix with me
general quirky	plan me a holiday trip
general quirky	when i want it to take down notes
general quirky	why do starving people keep having kids
general quirky	what is your age
general repeat	i want to hear what i've said again.
general repeat	please tell me that message spoke once more.
general repeat	i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
general repeat	can you tell me what said once more.
general repeat	let us do it again.
music likeness	save information about love of beyonc
music likeness	save my last playlist
music likeness	this is the best band ever
music likeness	i am the living blues
music likeness	my favorite singer is shakira
play audiobook	i want to hear the book written by the mother of the shooter at columbine
play audiobook	can you put on the chuck palhunik audio book
play audiobook	pause the audiobook
play audiobook	resume audio playback of twilight
play audiobook	resume pride and prejudice
recommendation events	events in me area
recommendation events	searching on holidays in my location
recommendation events	what is worth doing around here
recommendation events	things to do in my area
recommendation events	what's around tonight
recommendation movies	what movie should i see
recommendation movies	inform me about the most popular rom com movie playing now in theatres across new york
recommendation movies	confirm a movie ticket at glory theater
recommendation movies	i need a good chick flick any thoughts
recommendation movies	can you tell me what movie has the best reviews
takeaway order	order me some chinese food
takeaway order	order pizza from domino's
takeaway order	free home delivery
takeaway order	i am so hungry and tired and i think i might order some food now
takeaway order	hey order a side of hot wings with my previous order
takeaway query	do you serve for home delivery
takeaway query	when is my food going to be here
takeaway query	does peking garden take orders over the phone
takeaway query	i need to know if mr pizza delivers
takeaway query	check delivery options for the restaurant
transport taxi	i need a cab in thirty minutes
transport taxi	find a taxi for me
transport taxi	call golden taxi to pick me up at seven pm today
transport taxi	please book the next taxi
transport taxi	book an outstation cab for tomorrow
