alarm query	what time is my alarm set for
alarm query	what time is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
alarm query	i need to set an alarm how many do i have set
alarm query	olly find any alarms i have set for today
alarm query	please list all my alarms
alarm remove	i would like this alarm permanently removed
alarm remove	remove tuesday alarm of nine am
alarm remove	please remove the the alarm which i set
alarm remove	do not wake me up on weekends
alarm remove	remove set alarm
audio volume mute	mute the sound
audio volume mute	google please be extra quiet the baby is sleeping
audio volume mute	cut off noise
audio volume mute	turn down the noise
audio volume mute	keep quiet
datetime query	what is the month day and year
datetime query	what day does easter fall on
datetime query	what time is it in this city
datetime query	tell me the time now
datetime query	what is the current time in delhi
general explain	do not get this.
general explain	explain further please.
general explain	i was not clear about your answer.
general explain	s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
general explain	s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
general joke	i want to hear a joke
general joke	i need to hear a joke can you tell me one
general joke	say some jokes
general joke	any funny jokes
general joke	search for new jokes
general negate	thanks but you didn't get me.
general negate	sorry but you have messed up the command.
general negate	uhh no, that isn't what i was looking for.
general negate	uh no, i think incorrect command.
general negate	sorry but i think you are not right.
general quirky	let me know when charges hit my credit card
general quirky	what is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
general quirky	too private
general quirky	hey i am having a bad day today what can i watch to cheer me up
general quirky	show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week
general repeat	please say one more time again.
general repeat	could you speak it one more again please.
general repeat	one more again please.
general repeat	would you tell me that once again.
general repeat	let us try your last things once more please.
music likeness	i have to done it on the post important music file
music likeness	save the last radio stations of the last month
music likeness	kfi is my favorite rapper
music likeness	save my opinion on the currently playing song
music likeness	i love that song who sings it
play audiobook	can you pause and rewind the audio then resume
play audiobook	put on the god of small things
play audiobook	resume harry potter from the place i have stopped listening to last time
play audiobook	resume the last played audiobook
play audiobook	audio start
recommendation events	Show latest events around new york
recommendation events	is there anything to do tonight
recommendation events	what are all the event in area
recommendation events	what is open late in la
recommendation events	what bands are playing in town this weekend
recommendation movies	what are the show times for logan at the nearby theatre
recommendation movies	is swat a good movie
recommendation movies	what time will a movie be shown tomorrow
recommendation movies	look up movies near me
recommendation movies	check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my location
takeaway order	who delivers near here
takeaway order	i'm in the mood to order takeaway
takeaway order	order chinese for delivery
takeaway order	places with pizza delivery near me
takeaway order	pull up the menu for the closest mexican restaurant
takeaway query	does dominos has a delivery option
takeaway query	check delivery options for the restaurant
takeaway query	can i take food home here
takeaway query	i've cancelled the order placed at mcd did it go through
takeaway query	how much longer until my pizza will be here
transport taxi	find an uber that can get me to the airport now
transport taxi	book a taxi to start from here
transport taxi	send golden taxi to pick me up as soon as possible
transport taxi	book for me an uber taxi to bardonia
transport taxi	book a taxi uber
