alarm query	what days are my alarms set for
alarm query	what alarms do you have set
alarm query	next alarm
alarm query	review all alarms
alarm query	may i know the about alarm you set
alarm remove	turn off the six am alarm for Wednesday
alarm remove	remove the alarm for tomorrow
alarm remove	take away my alarm for tomorrow at four thirty am
alarm remove	please remove any alarms that i have set
alarm remove	disable all alarms set for today
audio volume mute	quiet
audio volume mute	mute sound from speakers
audio volume mute	mute for the next hour please
audio volume mute	turn off the sound
audio volume mute	please mute the speakers
datetime query	what time in las vegas
datetime query	give me the time in london
datetime query	today is monday is it
datetime query	what time is it in central time zone
datetime query	give me the time
general explain	s2, last sentence was not clear.
general explain	please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
general explain	rephrase me about what you've said further please.
general explain	would you again rephrase me on your words please.
general explain	could you elaborate me more on your response please.
general joke	tell funny things
general joke	what is the funniest joke ever
general joke	tell me a good doctor joke
general joke	hey olly have you heard any funny jokes lately
general joke	find funny jokes
general negate	uhh no, i think you've done this incorrectly.
general negate	i am sorry but this was not the right command.
general negate	nope, you are incorrect.
general negate	i think you made some mistake, please check it.
general negate	this was not what i am searching for.
general quirky	hey whatsapp
general quirky	today was a hard day
general quirky	can you tell me a little about yourself
general quirky	are you human
general quirky	i want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me like how often i've eaten out this month
general repeat	would you try that instruction said again please.
general repeat	what is that one more time.
general repeat	could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
general repeat	i need to hear that sentence again.
general repeat	please reset that.
music likeness	save this song in my favorites
music likeness	great song for the commute
music likeness	yes i like to save opinion on song playing and which player support that song
music likeness	i like rock music
music likeness	the song in background is cool
play audiobook	start dune from where i left off
play audiobook	play audio
play audiobook	please play recently paused audio
play audiobook	stop play
play audiobook	play my book
recommendation events	events in me area
recommendation events	recommend a blue grass band event within twenty miles of manchester ma this week
recommendation events	what events are going on around my place
recommendation events	are there any crafts fairs happening in this area
recommendation events	show local events near me
recommendation movies	what is the biggest blockbuster this week
recommendation movies	what movies is out there in the local cinema
recommendation movies	what new movies available today
recommendation movies	find an oscar nominee movie
recommendation movies	top ten movies
takeaway order	what is the best pizza near me that delivers
takeaway order	i want to order food
takeaway order	order a pizza with sausage from domino's
takeaway order	order two pizzas from dominoes
takeaway order	order me a byron from deliveroo
takeaway query	where are my takeaway order
takeaway query	will the restaurant deliver the order
takeaway query	can i get delivery from this restaurant
takeaway query	when is my food going to be here
takeaway query	how long until i receive my food
transport taxi	reserve the closest uber
transport taxi	find me an uber
transport taxi	i need to get to location call a cab
transport taxi	call a taxi for me
transport taxi	hail taxi
