alarm query	list all of my alarms
alarm query	what time will my alarm go off today
alarm query	confirm i have set an alarm for six am
alarm query	what alarms do you have set
alarm query	please list active alarms
alarm remove	change my alarm
alarm remove	remove my morning alarm
alarm remove	set the alarm off
alarm remove	remove the alarm set for four hundred am
alarm remove	cancel alarm for tomorrow
audio volume mute	mute the living room speakers
audio volume mute	will you please mute my speakers
audio volume mute	do not make any noise until morning alarm
audio volume mute	please do not talk for thirty minutes
audio volume mute	mute speaker
datetime query	can you tell me the time in new york
datetime query	hey what's today's date
datetime query	what day of the week does the next holiday fall on
datetime query	new york time
datetime query	the last friday of the month lands on what day
general explain	please will you clarify me more on it.
general explain	didn't understand your answers.
general explain	rephrase me about what you've said further please.
general explain	please explain me about your words once again.
general explain	what did you mean by saying this.
general joke	have you heard any good jokes lately
general joke	tell a joke
general joke	can i hear the joke about the old woman again
general joke	tell me a joke about lawyers
general joke	tell me random joke
general negate	sorry but you have messed up the command.
general negate	that's not what i just said.
general negate	shit, i didn't ask for this.
general negate	dammit, it isn't what i asked.
general negate	incorrect command.
general quirky	how do you like being my assistant
general quirky	your salary
general quirky	what is your prescription for long and healthy life
general quirky	what is your name
general quirky	i would like it if my robot could engage in deep conversation with me
general repeat	will you retry please.
general repeat	please say what you've just said once again.
general repeat	please speak one more time again.
general repeat	would you reset what i've said please.
general repeat	can you try again please.
music likeness	save this songs genre for me
music likeness	save this song as my favorite
music likeness	please note i like jazz and hate disco
music likeness	i'm really enjoying this song
music likeness	i want to listen daily to this song
play audiobook	stop play
play audiobook	i want to finally read the mars trilogy
play audiobook	continue playing where I left off
play audiobook	resume the playback of zanes se chronicles
play audiobook	play wuthering heights from where i left off
recommendation events	find the events
recommendation events	are there any events going on in milan
recommendation events	whats happening around my town
recommendation events	show me painting exhibition in bay area
recommendation events	what is playing at the local theater right now
recommendation movies	what is a good movie to see right now
recommendation movies	latest movie releases
recommendation movies	can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight
recommendation movies	i need a good chick flick any thoughts
recommendation movies	recommend a movie playing in me area
takeaway order	hi i want to order fried chick with white sauce
takeaway order	order chinese food
takeaway order	order me a large ham and olive pizza from dominos
takeaway order	order some fried chicken from church's chicken via grubhub
takeaway order	i am in need of some pizza what's the closest place that delivers
takeaway query	is mr pizza on skip the dishes
takeaway query	does vocelli's do takeaway
takeaway query	does brick grill deliver
takeaway query	tell me if the olive garden allows takeaway
takeaway query	is michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant
transport taxi	book me a taxi
transport taxi	book an uber for one hour from now
transport taxi	please book a taxi for me
transport taxi	call an uber now
transport taxi	book a taxi to go to the movies at one
