alarm query	what alarms have i set for tomorrow
alarm query	any alarms currently listed
alarm query	checkout today alarm of meeting
alarm query	what alarms do i have set
alarm query	when does my alarm go off
alarm remove	please delete my morning alarm
alarm remove	please delete the wednesday evening alarm
alarm remove	remove my work alarm
alarm remove	remove alarm if any
alarm remove	remove the latest alarm
audio volume mute	mute yourself until i say otherwise
audio volume mute	mute speakers
audio volume mute	please be quiet for another hour
audio volume mute	turn off the sounds
audio volume mute	set the speakers to mute
datetime query	tell me the current time in san paulo brazil
datetime query	is it Monday today
datetime query	i want exact time in washington right now
datetime query	can you tell me today's date
datetime query	would like to see the time zone
general explain	s1, please elaborate further on it to me.
general explain	can you explain once again.
general explain	could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
general explain	your words is not so clear.
general explain	s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
general joke	funny joke
general joke	tell me a joke about birds
general joke	hey olly tell me a joke
general joke	humor me
general joke	find me a joke related to baseball
general negate	thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
general negate	you have done task all wrong.
general negate	that was incorrect let's try again.
general negate	i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
general negate	oh no, you gave me not right information.
general quirky	please tell me who is going to win the nba championship
general quirky	have you come across any new recipes
general quirky	is the data prefers any problems in objects
general quirky	what's your favorite color
general quirky	Is country better today or ten years ago
general repeat	start over.
general repeat	i want to hear your last instruction you said again.
general repeat	please repeat that.
general repeat	please will you say that one more again.
general repeat	say what you've said one more time again please.
music likeness	the song you are playing is amazing
music likeness	i like this song
music likeness	i like vocals
music likeness	that song was awesome can you repeat
music likeness	please add this song to my playlist favorites
play audiobook	i want to finally read the mars trilogy
play audiobook	i would like to listen to my audiobook
play audiobook	play recently added audiobook
play audiobook	play audiobook snow white
play audiobook	play this audiobook
recommendation events	what's happening in my town
recommendation events	what's happening near me this week
recommendation events	what is worth doing around here
recommendation events	is there a sporting event tomorrow in chicago
recommendation events	what is going on in me area today
recommendation movies	what should i watch today
recommendation movies	what movies are playing in columbia
recommendation movies	what's worth watching
recommendation movies	what do you suggest that i watch this weekend
recommendation movies	theaters near to me
takeaway order	order takeout
takeaway order	noodles one pack make it as takeaway
takeaway order	please put in an order from red thai fpr this evening
takeaway order	call pizza hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms
takeaway order	confirm the order and send me the confirmation
takeaway query	call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
takeaway query	does pizza hut have my order ready
takeaway query	restaurant order status
takeaway query	take out available louies
takeaway query	does panda garden deliver
transport taxi	check in a taxi for booking
transport taxi	send an uber to me right now
transport taxi	call taxi
transport taxi	taxi now
transport taxi	just book for me a lyft taxi to bardonia
