alarm query	if there any alarm is set then let me know
alarm query	just to confirm you set the alarm to go off at eight hundred
alarm query	did i set my house alarm
alarm query	when is my alarm set for
alarm query	at what time have you set alarm for me
alarm remove	twelve am removed
alarm remove	cancel my eight am alarm
alarm remove	remove alarm of six am on tuesday
alarm remove	remove my alarm for tomorrow morning
alarm remove	remove tomorrow's alarm
audio volume mute	mute for twenty minutes
audio volume mute	don't speak for an hour
audio volume mute	please do not talk for thirty minutes
audio volume mute	set volume to zero
audio volume mute	mute sound from speakers
datetime query	what is today's current date
datetime query	hey what's today's date
datetime query	what is the time in china
datetime query	please provide current time in india
datetime query	what is today's day
general explain	elaborate me about your answers further.
general explain	what did you mean by saying this.
general explain	i could not quite catch up with you.
general explain	please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
general explain	didn't understand what you said now.
general joke	hey olly make me laugh with a good joke
general joke	cheer me up
general joke	i want to hear a funny joke
general joke	find jokes on the web
general joke	sarcastic jokes
general negate	sorry but i think you've got that not right.
general negate	dammit, that's not what i said.
general negate	you didn't say my name right.
general negate	it's not the correct command.
general negate	uh no, it isn't what i am looking for.
general quirky	nightime
general quirky	today i had a record breaking sale
general quirky	what are the details on umf
general quirky	what rihanna is doing
general quirky	cheering me up
general repeat	will you replay what you have said please.
general repeat	retry please.
general repeat	can you tell me what said once more.
general repeat	can you say one more again.
general repeat	say the last one said again please.
music likeness	i favorite singer is arijit singh find his voice on radio
music likeness	please save this song
music likeness	i like senatra songs
music likeness	save opinion on song
music likeness	add this channel to pandora
play audiobook	play the circle
play audiobook	restart the audiobook heaven is for real
play audiobook	play me a random audio book that has to do with love
play audiobook	book please
play audiobook	lets have a break for five minutes
recommendation events	any activity in the area
recommendation events	inform about latest scheduled events near my location
recommendation events	show me concerts in sacramento
recommendation events	what's happening around town
recommendation events	which event should i attend in my area
recommendation movies	what movies are playing tonight
recommendation movies	what movies are showing in cinema today
recommendation movies	what are the new movies releasing
recommendation movies	any good movies
recommendation movies	show me nearest theatre
takeaway order	i'm in the mood to order takeaway
takeaway order	order a pizza from pizza express
takeaway order	order pizza from domino's
takeaway order	order spaghetti from spaghetti warehouse to bring home
takeaway order	free home delivery
takeaway query	find my thai takeaways around grassmarket
takeaway query	current status of take out order
takeaway query	hows the food order going
takeaway query	is mr pizza on skip the dishes
takeaway query	please could you tell me if george's geek restaurant can i order takeaway from there
transport taxi	check in a taxi for booking
transport taxi	i need a taxi in thirty minutes
transport taxi	schedule me a taxi for after my thursday meeting
transport taxi	find a taxi service close to me
transport taxi	schedule taxi pickup for monday at noon
