alarm query	did i set an alarm to wake up in the morning
alarm remove	remove my early alarms
alarm set	set an alarm for me for tomorrow
audio volume down	turn down the volume
audio volume mute	Silence speakers
audio volume up	turn up music please
calendar query	do i have a date for tonight
calendar remove	check the events on calendar and delete the next event
calendar set	remind me later
cooking recipe	can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup
datetime convert	tell me the time in g. m. t. plus five
datetime query	today is which date
email addcontact	create new contact with email
email querycontact	how many contacts do i have in my phone book
email query	jane doe emails
email sendemail	please sent this email to my friend
general affirm	yes fantastic response.
general commandstop	will you please shut down.
general confirm	i like you to confirm the details please.
general dontcare	have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
general explain	s2, i was unclear about your answers.
general joke	find me the best knock knock joke on the internet
general negate	no, you gave me incorrect information.
general praise	you rock, thank you very much, olly.
general quirky	i would like to crack jokes
general repeat	could you speak the last utterance said once more.
iot cleaning	activate robot cleaner in an hour
iot coffee	i need some coffee made
iot hue lightchange	change the lights in the kitchen to blue
iot hue lightdim	i need to turn the lights down
iot hue lightoff	switch off the light on the left
iot hue lighton	light up the lights in the kitchen
iot hue lightup	increase brightness in the room
iot wemo off	turn off the fan
iot wemo on	times clapping sound times
lists createoradd	please add new item to list
lists query	check out my to do list
lists remove	delete the list created yesterday
music likeness	put that song in my favourite list
music query	can you pull up information on the singer of this song
music settings	put the last song on repeat
news query	automobiles
play audiobook	resume the playback of a child called it
play game	can you find animal crossing
play music	play thinking out loud next
play podcasts	jump to the next podcast
play radio	play the jazz station
qa currency	what is the current value of yen in american money
qa definition	what i can do with laptop
qa factoid	is yemen closer to japan or india
qa maths	answer the equation eight times seven
qa stock	how is the exchange rate for microsoft
recommendation events	get local events
recommendation locations	please list shops within one miles from me
recommendation movies	what are new drama movies opening this weekend
social post	two thumbs down @companyname
social query	let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
takeaway order	i am so hungry and tired and i think i might order some food now
takeaway query	i just ordered food call and see it has been delivered
transport query	when is the next septa train to philadelphia
transport taxi	get me an uber
transport ticket	book me a train ride covering five destinations to see in new york
transport traffic	how is the traffic on harvard
weather query	what a sunny day
