alarm query	did i set an alarm to wake up in the morning
alarm query	what is on my alarm schedule
alarm query	tell me if my alarm is set for the morning
alarm query	what's the alarm situation for tomorrow
alarm query	what's my next scheduled alarm
alarm remove	remove my early alarms
alarm remove	remove tuesday alarm of nine am
alarm remove	cancel wake up calls for this week
alarm remove	remove the alarm
alarm remove	remove finlee's bedtime alarm
audio volume mute	Silence speakers
audio volume mute	quiet mode four hours
audio volume mute	mute speaker
audio volume mute	do not make any noise until morning alarm
audio volume mute	don't talk until i ask you to
datetime query	today is which date
datetime query	what's the time for neighboring city
datetime query	show me what time it is
datetime query	is today march sixth
datetime query	what's the time in dubai
general explain	s2, i was unclear about your answers.
general explain	s2, last sentence was not clear.
general explain	elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
general explain	s1, again clarify your answers please.
general explain	rephrase further on your response please.
general joke	find me the best knock knock joke on the internet
general joke	funny story
general joke	open jokes
general joke	tell a joke
general joke	i wanna laugh can you make it happen
general negate	no, you gave me incorrect information.
general negate	sorry but i think you've got that not right.
general negate	i think you have done the task all wrong.
general negate	thanks but i think that was not the correct command.
general negate	uhh no, i did not say that.
general quirky	i would like to crack jokes
general quirky	do homework for me please
general quirky	does mr t have a family
general quirky	i just want to know some information about you
general quirky	i want to know more about this person
general repeat	could you speak the last utterance said once more.
general repeat	can you try again please.
general repeat	please will you replay.
general repeat	tell me what i said one more time again please.
general repeat	would you tell me it one more time please.
music likeness	put that song in my favourite list
music likeness	can you save this what a nice song for me
music likeness	you have to check out kfi he's the best
music likeness	i love to rock out with my sock out
music likeness	i like songs from
play audiobook	resume the playback of a child called it
play audiobook	start reading fifty shades of grey from chapter four
play audiobook	start playing again
play audiobook	open book
play audiobook	keep playing war and peace
recommendation events	get local events
recommendation events	is there anything happening on jazz scene around edinburgh
recommendation events	please search for events in my location
recommendation events	show me upcoming events in the quad cities
recommendation events	what's happening in town tonight
recommendation movies	what are new drama movies opening this weekend
recommendation movies	training day
recommendation movies	movie times tonight
recommendation movies	give me a movie for tonight
recommendation movies	which rom com movie can i watch in theatres around new york
takeaway order	i am so hungry and tired and i think i might order some food now
takeaway order	open grubhub
takeaway order	call and order pizza for delivery
takeaway order	how much does general tsos chicken cost at peking garden
takeaway order	can you order me takeout
takeaway query	i just ordered food call and see it has been delivered
takeaway query	can i get the food to go
takeaway query	domino's has takeaway right
takeaway query	status of take away
takeaway query	does dominos deliver
transport taxi	get me an uber
transport taxi	please book a taxi for me to go to the railway station
transport taxi	book a cab which have cheapest price
transport taxi	find transportation to rome
transport taxi	call me an uber for right now
