alarm query	my alarms
alarm query	what alarms do i have set
alarm query	tell me what alarms are set for me
alarm query	what are my alarms
alarm query	are there any alarms going off today
alarm remove	turn off the six am alarm for Wednesday
alarm remove	please remove this alarm
alarm remove	remove seven am alarm
alarm remove	will you turn the alarm off for me
alarm remove	snooze all today's alarms permanently
audio volume mute	mute for the next hour please
audio volume mute	don't speak for a while
audio volume mute	silence for two hours
audio volume mute	set to silent for five minutes
audio volume mute	i want to mute the speaker
datetime query	can you tell me the time at san francisco
datetime query	what is the date for next tuesday
datetime query	is today march sixth
datetime query	what is the time in ajmer
datetime query	what is the current day month and year
general explain	what did you mean by saying it.
general explain	s1, rephrase me further on it please.
general explain	what do you mean.
general explain	could not understand it.
general explain	i could not quite catch up with you.
general joke	whats a silly joke you know
general joke	what is a funny joke
general joke	tell me random joke
general joke	let me hear a joke
general joke	i would like to hear some good funny jokes
general negate	uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
general negate	no, i think that's not the right response.
general negate	hmm, i did not ask for this response.
general negate	nope, i didn't say this.
general negate	hmm, i think not correct.
general quirky	the meaning of life
general quirky	journal entry for today
general quirky	plants
general quirky	give me some health tips
general quirky	your birth date
general repeat	i would like to hear what said again.
general repeat	let's try what you have said again.
general repeat	can you retry please.
general repeat	tell me it one more time again please.
general repeat	would you repeat the last please.
music likeness	save my opinion about the current song playing
music likeness	please rate current song as five stars
music likeness	rate this song five stars and save the rating
music likeness	i'm into music
music likeness	this song is amazing is not it
play audiobook	continue playing where I left off
play audiobook	resume play of american gods
play audiobook	read to me
play audiobook	book swan play
play audiobook	play the program where i left off yesterday
recommendation events	any specific event in washington
recommendation events	what do they have going on at young circle this week
recommendation events	what do they have going on for festivals downtown
recommendation events	what is going on around me
recommendation events	when is the yearly cultural event coming up
recommendation movies	recommend a romantic comedy in me area
recommendation movies	what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck
recommendation movies	top ten movies
recommendation movies	how is the new movie swat
recommendation movies	what movie should i see
takeaway order	order pizza for delivery
takeaway order	find me the nearest chinese for delivery
takeaway order	id like to put in an order for some chinese food with hunan wok
takeaway order	schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
takeaway order	find food and order
takeaway query	status for the pizza delivery from pizza hut
takeaway query	where can i order pizza for delivery
takeaway query	hello i would like to know whether you provide home delivery services
takeaway query	find out if the olive garden will let me do takeaway
takeaway query	does restaurant has home delivery
transport taxi	find the nearest uber
transport taxi	find me a taxi
transport taxi	book me a uber for tomorrow night at six pm
transport taxi	where is the closest uber
transport taxi	look for a taxi to go home
