alarm query	how many alarms have i set
alarm query	what alarms have i set for tomorrow
alarm query	is my wake up alarm set a six am
alarm query	what alarms do i got
alarm query	tell me about alarms
alarm remove	cancel alarm for tenth of march two thousand seventeen
alarm remove	cancel my seven am alarm
alarm remove	remove the latest alarm
alarm remove	please remove this alarm
alarm remove	disable all alarms set for today
audio volume mute	do not make any noise until morning alarm
audio volume mute	speakers off
audio volume mute	turn off the sounds
audio volume mute	silence
audio volume mute	i want to mute the speaker
datetime query	what day of the week does the fifteenth of march fall on
datetime query	please show me today's date
datetime query	what day of the week is the twenty second march
datetime query	tell me the current time in san paulo brazil
datetime query	what is the current central time
general explain	rephrase me about what you've said further please.
general explain	s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
general explain	s2, i was unclear about what you've just said.
general explain	s2, i was unclear about your answers.
general explain	it was not clear.
general joke	what is a good joke
general joke	tell a joke that puts smile on my face
general joke	do you have a funny joke for me
general joke	what is the funniest joke ever
general joke	tell me a joke please
general negate	please check the command.
general negate	nope, it's not the correct command.
general negate	uh no, you've done in wrong manner.
general negate	uhh no, i think not right response.
general negate	shit, not correct response.
general quirky	what would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner
general quirky	downloads management
general quirky	i would like to crack jokes
general quirky	could you manipulate roip for me
general quirky	i really enjoyed sunny day today
general repeat	please tell me it once again.
general repeat	speak the last words one more time please.
general repeat	would you tell me what i said one more time again.
general repeat	please could you try what you've said once more.
general repeat	say what you've said one more time again please.
music likeness	Olly save all the songs i have listened to more than once
music likeness	keep that song for when i need cheering up
music likeness	save this song in my great songs category
music likeness	compile favorites list according to my song feedback
music likeness	my favourite music band is queen
play audiobook	play animal farm
play audiobook	resume playing the current audiobook
play audiobook	play the program where i left off yesterday
play audiobook	resume audio playback of twilight
play audiobook	start chapter five of physics for future presidents
recommendation events	what plays are showing at the theatre
recommendation events	which event should i attend in my area
recommendation events	is there anything happening in town this weekend
recommendation events	badminton
recommendation events	list saturday night events near current location
recommendation movies	suggest movies and songs that i would like but that aren't necessarily like ones i've already said i like
recommendation movies	check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my location
recommendation movies	recommend a movie with justin bieber
recommendation movies	what movies are playing near me
recommendation movies	what is playing at amc twenty
takeaway order	checkout top restaurant near me and order shahi panner
takeaway order	order a double bacon cheeseburger with bacon an white american cheese
takeaway order	call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
takeaway order	start a takeaway order for me
takeaway order	order a ham and cheese sandwich from subway
takeaway query	will they deliver to me
takeaway query	hello i would like to know whether you provide home delivery services
takeaway query	look to see if luigi's has takeaway
takeaway query	does pf changs accept takeout orders
takeaway query	does this place do takeaway
transport taxi	just book for me a lyft taxi to bardonia
transport taxi	lets get a taxi
transport taxi	please book a taxi for me
transport taxi	i need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown
transport taxi	book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
